{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 iCalFix v.0.6.1\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 What is it?\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 It's a plugin that enhances iCal to be a better calendaring app. So far, it does only one thing: When you create an event, it automatically attaches an alarm to it. \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 How to configure?\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Just open your preferences pane in iCal - there is a new entry 'iCalFix'.  Just set your advance warning time and your desired alarm sound here. The "All-Day" warning time relates to events that take all day. By default, iCal assumes they start at midnight - and you rarely want an alarm 5 minutes before midnight ;)\
\
If you set the alarm sound to '- none -' , iCalFix will create a display-only alarm.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Compatibility\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 iCalFix is only tested with the (as of this writing) latest version of iCal - 2.0.5(1069). iCalFix is a Universal Binary and should run on both Intel and PPC machines\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Disclaimer\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 I tried my best to make sure this is non-buggy, but I still advise backing up your data regularly - especially before installing any new plugins. If you encounter problems, I'm happy to help you out, but I won't accept any liability for this plugin. Use at your own risk. No warranty, not fit for any purpose, don't blame me if it eats your hard drive - the usual.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Contact\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 r.blum@gmx.net\
\
}